hey guys this is s question for here new
unboxing okay I very tender what this is
and I thought this would be really funny
unboxing so let's open this stuff right
here let's do this okay um this package
is from hong kong okay how to do what is
isn't be really interesting unboxing Oh
actually I don't even need to just it's
a wig yes this is struggling ball
related because let's take it out of the
bag I think it's made up this okay nice
Dragonball like it I think this is the
front no that's around trying to figure
out where the hell the front is probably
here I think he said to use some kind of
wax to style it so this is going to be
I'm actually going to cosplay Gohan this
is gonna be the wig for Gohan let's try
this out i'm going to try on the wig
right now actually with no styling to it
just trying it out okay what I have to
do first when you comes to hang on a wig
putting on hair nets
so let's do this yes I the way I put on
put it on always is just put it in and
stuff it in I never put it in a bun i
could get care less so this looks
hilarious then I'm sorry if you hear
back on macro noise
looks good enough to try this out I
think okay yes let me go home with
eyeliner I'm sorry about that I
definitely had to style this oh my god
is so funny I think this is the front
not even now
well god is so cool I'm gonna be going
on guys okay yeah so what I have to do
is XL the wig it looks pretty decent
right now but I have to definitely style
it more and like I'm gonna have to have
wax and stuff so you can keep it like
Gohan's hairstyle but yeah I'm doing
them teen gohan cell saga so this is how
it would look somewhat except of course
I'm not going to have makeup on because
that would really look silly so tight on
go on teen gohan this is the wake for it
I'm gonna try to make it so you can't
see my hair but I think it looks pretty
cool you guys think it was look so funny
right now but like yeah I already
ordered my going on costume so I know
I'm gonna be a really skinny going on
because Gohan is like super it like let
me go on is you know not this thin like
me and like a stick I'll be like
thing go hon okay it's I thought I could
be fun to cosplay as him so we got
ordered the costume and when I do that I
like definitely take a video of that to
be a hunch okay I've Crossley previously
and when I was Jo Calderone Gaga's alter
ego so it's fun to do it's fun I like it
so what do you guys think about the wick
if I just out a little bit more you can
totally work out go on do I hope you
enjoyed this unboxing me trying on the
wig looks cool i think so far yeah until
my next unboxing guys hope you would
really like these um peace ok ok